docs: accessing custom props for `NuxtLayout` (#22989)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.components/3.nuxt-layout.md

  </NuxtLayout>
</template>
```

> ## Passing additional props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Passing Additional Props
```

> `NuxtLayout` also accepts custom props that you may need to pass to the layout. These custom props are accessible via `attrs` in the Nuxt app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`NuxtLayout` also accepts any additional props that you may need to pass to the layout. These custom props are then made accessible as attributes.
```

```vue[pages/some-page.vue]
<div>
  <NuxtLayout name="custom" title="I am a custom layout">
  </NuxtLayout>
</div>
```

In the above example, the value of `title` will be available using `$attrs.title` in the template or `useAttrs().title` in `<script setup>` at custom.vue.

```vue[layouts/custom.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
  const layoutCustomProps = useAttrs()

>   console.log(layoutCustomProps.title)//I am a custom layout

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  console.log(layoutCustomProps.title) // I am a custom layout
```
